Applying IBM styl guide, fixing typos (#1154)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/ref_devfile-reference.adoc

A complex component type that allows to apply configuration from a list of Kubernetes or OpenShift components.

> The content can be provided either through the `reference` attribute, which points to the file with the component content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content can be provided through the `reference` attribute, which points to the file with the component content.
```

This limit will be applied to every container of the given component.

> For the `cheEditor` and `chePlugin` component types, RAM limits can be described in the plug-in descriptor file, typically named `meta.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `cheEditor` and `chePlugin` component types, RAM limits can be described in the plug-in descriptor file, typically named `meta.yaml`. Note that the devfile RAM limit values have precedence, so the limit value in the devfile overrides the value provided by the descriptor.
```

> Note, however, that the devfile RAM limit values have precedence, so the limit value in the devfile will override the value provided by the descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This limit will be applied to every container of the given component.

> For the `cheEditor` and `chePlugin` component types, RAM requests can be described in the plug-in descriptor file, typically named `meta.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `cheEditor` and `chePlugin` component types, RAM requests can be described in the plug-in descriptor file, typically named `meta.yaml`. Note that the devfile RAM limit values have precedence, so the limit value in the devfile overrides the value provided by the descriptor.
```

> Note, however, that the devfile RAM request values have precedence, so the limit value in the devfile will override the value provided by the descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If none of them are specified, system-wide defaults will be applied (see description of CHE_WORKSPACE_SIDECAR_DEFAULT__MEMORY__REQUEST__MB system property).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none of them are specified, system-wide defaults are applied (see description of `pass:[CHE_WORKSPACE_SIDECAR_DEFAULT__MEMORY__REQUEST__MB]` system property).
```

This limit will be applied to every container of the given component.

> For the `cheEditor` and `chePlugin` component types, CPU limits can be described in the plug-in descriptor file, typically named `meta.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `cheEditor` and `chePlugin` component types, CPU limits can be described in the plug-in descriptor file, typically named `meta.yaml`. Note that the devfile CPU limit values have precedence, so the limit value in the devfile overrides the value provided by the descriptor.
```

> Note, however, that the devfile CPU limit values have precedence, so the limit value in the devfile will override the value provided by the descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If none of them are specified, system-wide defaults will be applied (see description of CHE_WORKSPACE_SIDECAR_DEFAULT__CPU__LIMIT__CORES system property).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none of them are specified, system-wide defaults are applied (see description of `pass:[CHE_WORKSPACE_SIDECAR_DEFAULT__CPU__LIMIT__CORES]` system property).
```

This limit will be applied to every container of the given component.

> For the `cheEditor` and `chePlugin` component types, CPU requests can be described in the plug-in descriptor file, typically named `meta.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `cheEditor` and `chePlugin` component types, CPU requests can be described in the plug-in descriptor file, typically named `meta.yaml`. Note that the devfile CPU limit values have precedence, so the limit value in the devfile overrides the value provided by the descriptor.
```

> Note, however, that the devfile CPU request values have precedence, so the limit value in the devfile will override the value provided by the descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If none of them are specified, system-wide defaults will be applied (see description of CHE_WORKSPACE_SIDECAR_DEFAULT__CPU__REQUEST__CORES system property).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none of them are specified, system-wide defaults are applied (see description of `pass:[CHE_WORKSPACE_SIDECAR_DEFAULT__CPU__REQUEST__CORES]` system property).
```

* `protocol`: For public endpoints the protocol is a hint to the UI on how to construct the URL for the endpoint access. Typical values are `http`, `https`, `ws`, `wss`.

* `secure`: A boolean (defaulting to `false`) specifying whether the endpoint is put behind a JWT proxy requiring a JWT workspace token to grant access. The JWT proxy is deployed in the same Pod as the server and assumes the server listens solely on the local loopback interface, such as `127.0.0.1`.
+

> WARNING: Listening on any other interface than the local loopback poses a security risk, because such server will be accessible without the JWT authentication within the cluster network on the corresponding IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Listening on any other interface than the local loopback poses a security risk because such server is accessible without the JWT authentication within the cluster network on the corresponding IP addresses.
```
